add ugentshares documentation (#385)
hpcugent/vsc_user_docs: intro-HPC/ch_running_jobs_with_input_output_data.tex

of writing there are no plans to provide this.
\end{description}

\ifgent

> \subsection{Your UGent home drive and shares \label{subsec:ugent-shares}}

Reviewer: my main issue here is that this is part of "running jobs" instructions, and this is only relevant for the loginnodes, so not running jobs.

i would add some text here that "in order to access data on your UGent share(s), you need to stage-in the data (and stage-out afterwards)" or something like that. otherwise, this section is in wron location.

@kwaegema we can configure the compute nodes too with the shares config, so people can run inetractive jobs straight on the shares. (need to change the routing to nat02 on all nodes for that too, but that is ok)
but it's not really possible to access shares from within regular jobs, and users should not really try to do so as this will imply security risks

Author: @stdweird I know it's not a very good place to put it, but I don't know where else :) Well, I first thought about 3.3
Transfer Files to/from the HPC, that is now only about scp/sftp and stuff, but maybe that's a good place after all..

> On the loginnodes, it is possible to access your UGent home drive and shares.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the login nodes, it is possible to access your UGent home drive and shares.
```

> You first need to authenticate yourself with your UGent username and password to get a ticket, by running:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow this you need a ticket. This requires that you first authenticate yourself with your UGent username and password by running:
```

\begin{prompt}
%\shellcmd{kinit yourugentusername@UGENT.BE}%
Password for yourugentusername@UGENT.BE:
\end{prompt}

Now you should be able to access your files running

\begin{prompt}
%\shellcmd{ls /UGent/yourugentusername}%
home  shares  www
\end{prompt}

Please note the shares will only be mounted when you access this folder.

> You should specify your whole username - tab completion will not work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should specify your complete username - tab completion will not work.
```

> If you want to use the UGent shares longer than 24hours,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use the UGent shares longer than 24 hours,
```

you should ask a ticket for up to a week by running

\begin{prompt}
%\shellcmd{kinit yourugentusername@UGENT.BE -r 7d}%
\end{prompt}

> 

Reviewer: `expiring dates` -> `expiration date`

You can verify your authentication ticket and expiring dates yourself by running klist

\begin{prompt}
%\shellcmd{klist}%
...
Valid starting     Expires            Service principal
14/07/20 15:19:13  15/07/20 01:19:13  krbtgt/UGENT.BE@UGENT.BE
	renew until 21/07/20 15:19:13

\end{prompt}

> Your ticket is valid for 10 hours, but you can renew it before it expires.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above example, your ticket is valid for 10 hours, and you can renew it before it expires.
```

Author: this is not only an example, ugent tickets are default and maximum valid for 10hours without renewal

> To simply renew your tickets, run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To renew your tickets, simply run
```

\begin{prompt}
%\shellcmd{kinit -R}%
\end{prompt}

> If you want your ticket to be automatically renewed until the maximum expiry date, you can run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want your ticket to be renewed automatically up to the maximum expiry date, you can run
```

\begin{prompt}
%\shellcmd{krenew -b -K 60}%
\end{prompt}

> Each hour the process will check if your ticket should be renewed.

Reviewer: `the process`? does it background or something?

Author: krenew -b starts as a daemon

Author: vsc40605 21970  0.0  0.0  35272  1428 ?        Ss   Jul14   0:00 krenew -b -K 60

Each hour the process will check if your ticket should be renewed.

\subsection{UGent shares with globus \label{subsec:globus-ugent-shares}}

> In order to access your UGent home and shares inside the globus access point, you'll first have to authenticate. To do this, you have to ssh to the globus endpoint from a loginnode. You will be prompted for your UGent username and password to authenticate:

Reviewer: `access point` -> `endpoint`.
"you'll first have to authenticate" -> "you first have to generate authentication credentials on the endpoint"
line too long.

\begin{prompt}
%\shellcmd{ssh globus01}%
UGent username:ugentusername
Password for ugentusername@UGENT.BE:
Shares are available in globus endpoint at /UGent/ugentusername/
Overview of valid tickets:
Ticket cache: KEYRING:persistent:xxxxxxx:xxxxxxx
Default principal: ugentusername@UGENT.BE

Valid starting     Expires            Service principal
29/07/20 15:56:43  30/07/20 01:56:43  krbtgt/UGENT.BE@UGENT.BE
	renew until 05/08/20 15:56:40
Tickets will be automatically renewed for 1 week
Connection to globus01 closed.
\end{prompt}

> Your shares will then be available at /UGent/ugentusername/ under the globus VSC tier2 endpoint. Tickets will be renewed automatically for 1 week, after which you'll need to run this again. If you want to disable access to your shares within globus, you have to run

Reviewer: line too long.

"If you want" -> "We advise to ... once access is no longer needed"
